Docs 7260 Kafka 4.0 (#652)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/kafka/kafka-connector-studio.adoc

. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

== Add the Connector Using Exchange

. In Studio, create a Mule Project.
. Click the Exchange *(X)* icon in the upper-left of the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, select *All assets* and search for "Kafka".
. Select Kafka Connector and click *Add to project*.
. Follow the prompts to add the connector to the Mule project.

== Configure the Connector

. Drag the connector operation to the Studio canvas.
. To create a global element for the connector, configure these fields:
+
* *Connection*:
** Bootstrap Servers +

> Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer or consumer).

Reviewer: This is now a list rather than a string separated by commas.

Add any additional properties that you need for your connection (and that Kafka supports) as key-value pairs.
+
image::kafka/kafka-basic-studio-config.png[]
+
* For *SSL*, configure the *Basic* fields as well as the following:
** Key Store Type +
Optionally specify the file format of the keystore file. The default value is `JKS`.
** Key Store Password +
The store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
** Key Store Location +
The location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
** Trust Store Type +
The file format of the truststore file.
** Trust Store Password +
The password for the truststore file.
** Trust Store Location +
The location of the truststore file.
+
image::kafka/kafka-ssl-studio-config.png[]
+
. Configure the fields for the operation that you dragged to the canvas.
.. Configure the *Commit* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
** Offsets (Optional) +

> List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.

Reviewer: The offsets were removed for release 4.0.0

** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) +
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of supported acknowledgment mode.
** Default poll timeout +
The amount of time to block.
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the poll timeout. Used with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +
Converts the provided timestamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Consume* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
** Offsets (Optional) +

> List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.

Reviewer: The offsets were removed for release 4.0.0

** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) + 
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of acknowledgment mode supported.
** Default poll timeout + 
The amount of time to block.
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the polling timeout. This combines with pollTimeout to define to total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +
Zone ID is used to convert the provided timestamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. The default value is the one provided by the system.
+
image::kafka/kafka-producer-studio-config-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Describe* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
** Offsets (Optional) +

> List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.

Reviewer: The offsets were removed for release 4.0.0

** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) +
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of acknowledgment mode supported.
** Default poll timeout +
The amount of time to block. Defines the total timeout for polling.
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the polling timeout. Used with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +
Converts the provided timestamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.
+

> image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-general.png[]

Reviewer: Describe was removed for this release (4.0.0)

+
.. Configure the *Publish* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-publish.png[]
+
** Default topic +
A default topic name
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-publish-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Seek* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
** Offsets (Optional) +

> List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.

Reviewer: The offsets were removed for release 4.0.0

The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) +
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that the consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of acknowledgment mode supported.
** Default poll timeout +
The amount of time to block. Specifies the total timeout for the polling.
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the polling timeout. This combines with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +
Converts the provided timestamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-general.png[]

== Configure an Input Source

Configure an input source for the connector, such as the *Message Consumer* operation:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
| Configuration |The name of the configuration to use.
| Topic |Name of the topic from which to consume messages.

> | Partition Offsets a| List of offsets (array of offsets) representing the partitions offsets configuration. For each element in the list you must specify a partition index and offset.

Reviewer: The offsets were removed for release 4.0.0

** Key Store Password +
The store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
** Key Store Location +
The location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
** Trust Store Type +
The file format of the truststore file.
** Trust Store Password +
The password for the truststore file.
** Trust Store Location +
The location of the truststore file.
+
image::kafka/kafka-ssl-studio-config.png[]
+
//// 
* For *Kerberos*, configure the *Basic* fields as well as the following:
** All the parameters from the basic configuration.
** Principal +
The Kerberos principal to which Kerberos can assign tickets.
** Keytab +
Path to the keytab file associated with `principal`.
** Service Name +
The Kerberos principal name under which the Kafka broker runs.
** Additional JAAS Properties +
Additional properties as key-value pairs that you set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in the JAAS configuration file.
+
image::kafka/kafka-kerberos-studio-config.png[]
+
.. For *Kerberos SSL*, configure the following:

> ** All the parameters from the basic configuration.

Reviewer: No Kerberos support for this version

. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, select *All assets* and search for "Kafka".
. Select Kafka Connector and click *Add to project*.
. Follow the prompts to add the connector to the Mule project.

== Consumer Configuration

You can create a consumer configuration global element to reference from Kafka Connector. This enables you to apply configuration details to multiple local elements in the flow.

. In the Mule project canvas, click *Global Elements*.
. Click *Create* and expand *Connector Configuration*.
. Select *Apache Kafka Consumer configuration* and click *Ok*.
. For the connection, configure these fields:
+
* Bootstrap Server URLs +
List of host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer or consumer).
* Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
* Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
* Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +

> The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.

Reviewer 2: "to which to subscribe"???

* Assignments (Optional) +
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-config.png[]

== Producer Configuration

Create a producer configuration global element:

. In the Mule project canvas, click *Global Elements*.
. Click *Create* and expand *Connector Configuration*.
. Select *Apache Kafka Producer configuration* and click *Ok*.
. For the producer connection, configure these fields:
+
* Bootstrap Server URLs +
List of host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer or consumer).
* Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the producer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
+
image::kafka/kafka-producer-studio-config.png[

== Configure TLS

To enable TLS for your app:

. Click the *TLS* tab to configure the truststore and keystore:
* *Trust Store Configuration*
** Path +
The location of the truststore file.
** Password +
The password for the truststore file.
** Type +
The file format of the truststore file.
** Algorithm +

> The algorithm the trust store uses. 

Reviewer 2: In other text, you use truststore instead of trust store.

** Insecure +
Boolean that determines whether or not to validate the truststore. If set to true, no validation occurs. The default value is false.
* *Key Store Configuration*
** Type +
Optionally specify the file format of the keystore file. The default value is `JKS`.
** Path +
The location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
** Alias +
When the keystore contains many private keys, this attribute indicates the alias of the key to use. If not defined, the first key in the file is used by default.
** Key password +
The key manager password, which is the password for the private key inside the keystore.
** Password +
The store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
** Algorithm +
The algorithm used in the keystore. 
+
image::kafka/kafka-tls-studio-config.png[]

== Configure the Commit Operation

. Drag the *Commit* operation to the Studio canvas.
. Configure the *Commit* operation in the *General* tab:
+
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Consumer commit key a| String |  The commitKey of the last poll. This operation is valid only when used inside a flow that is using one of the listener sources (*Batch message listener* or *Message listener*) which inserts this value as an attribute in the Mule Event. |  | x

Reviewer 2: Should Event be lowercase???

| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  | 
|===
+
image::kafka/kafka-commit-studio-config-general.png[]

== Configure the Consume Operation

. Drag the *Consume* operation to the Studio canvas.
. Configure the *Consume* operation in the *General* tab:
+
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Consumption timeout a| Number |  The amount of TimeUnits that this operation will wait for receiving messages. |  | 

Reviewer 2: TimeUnits is not a field, at least that I can see. I would change this to "time units."

| Timeout time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  The unit of time for the timeout property. |  |  
|===
. Configure the following settings in the *Advanced* tab:
+
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Operation Timeout a| Number |  |  | 
| Operation Timeout Time Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  |  | 
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  | 

> | Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  | 

Reviewer 2: "that stores" - global

| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable. |  `#[payload]` | 
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  | 
|===

== Configure the Publish Operation

. Drag the *Publish* operation to the Studio canvas.
. Configure the *Publish* operation in the *General* tab:
+
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Topic a| String |  The topic to publish to. |  | 

Reviewer 2: Same comment as before.

> | Topic a| String |  The topic to publish to. |  | 

Reviewer 2: "to which to publish"

| Partition a| Number |  (Optional) The topic partition.  |  | 
| Key a| Binary |  (Optional) Key for the published message. |  | 
| Message a| Binary |  (Optional) Message content of the message. |  `#[payload]` | 
| Headers a| Object |  (Optional) Headers for the message. |  |  
|===
+
. Configure the following settings in the *Advanced* tab:
+
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Transactional Action a| Enumeration, one of:

** ALWAYS_JOIN
** JOIN_IF_POSSIBLE
** NOT_SUPPORTED |  The type of joining action that operations can take regarding transactions. |  `JOIN_IF_POSSIBLE` | 
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  | 

> | Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable. |  `#[payload]` | 

Reviewer 2: I know we have this wording all over, but since this is in a User Guide, I would improve it:

An expression that evaluates the operation's output. The outcome of the evaluation is stored in the target variable.

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Topic a| String |  The name of the topic on which the seek operation will be performed. |  | x
| Partition a| Number |  The partition number that will have its offset modified. |  | x 
|===
+
. Configure the following settings in the *Advanced* tab:
+
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Operation Timeout a| Number |  |  | 
| Operation Timeout Time Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  |  | 
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  | 
|===

== Configure an Input Source

Configure an input source for the connector, such as the *Message Consumer* operation:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
| Configuration |The name of the configuration to use.
| Topic |Name of the topic from which to consume messages.
| Primary Node Only |Whether to execute this source on only the primary node when running in a cluster.

> | Streaming Strategy a| * repeatable-in-memory-stream

Reviewer 2: I think there should be a lead-in to the list here and elsewhere. It is not clear what this description is.

* repeatable-file-store-stream
* non-repeatable-stream

Configure to use repeatable streams.
| Redelivery Policy a| Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message.
| Reconnection Strategy a| * reconnect
* reconnect-forever +
A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors
|===

The *Batch Message Listener* operation can also be used as an input source in Kafka Connector:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
| Connector Configuration |The name of the configuration to use.
| Poll timeout |The amount of time to block. 

> | Poll timeout time unit |  The time unit for the polling timeout. This combines with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.

Reviewer 2: poll timeout > Poll timeout (to match the field name)

. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

== Add the Connector Using Exchange

. In Studio, create a Mule Project.
. Click the Exchange *(X)* icon in the upper-left of the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, select *All assets* and search for "Kafka".
. Select Kafka Connector and click *Add to project*.
. Follow the prompts to add the connector to the Mule project.

== Configure the Connector

. Drag the connector operation to the Studio canvas.
. To create a global element for the connector, configure these fields:
+
* *Connection*:
** Bootstrap Servers +
Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you must provide to Kafka clients (producer or consumer).
** Additional properties +

> Add any additional properties that you need for your connection, and that Kafka supports, as key-value pairs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add any additional properties that you need for your connection (and that Kafka supports) as key-value pairs.
```

+
image::kafka/kafka-basic-studio-config.png[]
+
* For *SSL*, configure the *Basic* fields as well as the following:
** Key Store Type +

> Optionally specify the file format of the key store file. The default value is `JKS`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Optionally specify the file format of the keystore file. The default value is `JKS`.
```

** Key Store Password +

> The store password for the key store file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
```

** Key Store Location +

> The location of the key store file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
```

** Trust Store Type +
The file format of the truststore file.
** Trust Store Password +
The password for the truststore file.
** Trust Store Location +
The location of the truststore file.
+
image::kafka/kafka-ssl-studio-config.png[]
+
//// 
* For *Kerberos*, configure the *Basic* fields as well as the following:
** All the parameters from the basic configuration.
** Principal +
The Kerberos principal to which Kerberos can assign tickets.
** Keytab +

> Path to the keytab file associated with the `principal`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Path to the keytab file associated with `principal`.
```

** Service Name +

> The Kerberos principal name that the Kafka broker runs as.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Kerberos principal name under which the Kafka broker runs.
```

** Additional JAAS Properties +

> Additional properties as key-value pairs that you set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in JAAS configuration file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additional properties as key-value pairs that you set in `sasl.jaas.config` and that you usually include in the JAAS configuration file.
```

+
image::kafka/kafka-kerberos-studio-config.png[]
+
.. For *Kerberos SSL*, configure the following:
** All the parameters from the basic configuration.
** All the parameters from the SSL configuration.
** All the parameters from the Kerberos configuration.
+
image::kafka/kafka-kerberos-ssl-studio-config.png[]
+
////
. Configure the fields for the operation that you dragged to the canvas.
.. Configure the *Commit* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster.
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration.
** Offsets (Optional) +
List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.
** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) +

> The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that there will be no automatic rebalance of the consumers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
```

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of supported acknowledgment mode
** Default poll timeout +
The amount of time to block
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the poll timeout. Used with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +

> Zone ID is used to convert the provided time stamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Converts the provided timestamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.
```

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Consume* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration
** Offsets (Optional) +
List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.
** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) + 

> The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that there will be no automatic rebalance of the consumers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that the consumers are not automatically rebalanced.
```

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of acknowledgment mode supported
** Default poll timeout + 
The amount of time to block
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the polling timeout. This combines with pollTimeout to define to total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +

> Zone ID is used to convert the provided time stamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Zone ID is used to convert the provided timestamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. The default value is the one provided by the system.
```

+
image::kafka/kafka-producer-studio-config-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Describe* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration
** Offsets (Optional) +
List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.
** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) +

> The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that there will be no automatic rebalance of the consumers.

Reviewer 3: ditto prev. rewording

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of acknowledgment mode supported
** Default poll timeout +
The amount of time to block. Defines the total timeout for polling.
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the polling timeout. Used with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +

> Zone ID is used to convert the provided time stamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.

Reviewer 3: ditto prev. edit to same text above

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Publish* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-publish.png[]
+
** Default topic +
A default topic name
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-publish-general.png[]
+
.. Configure the *Seek* operation fields:
** Bean Reference (Optional) +
The URLs that the consumer can use to connect to the Kafka cluster
** Group ID +
Default group ID for all the Kafka consumers that use this configuration
** Offsets (Optional) +
List of offsets for configuring partitions. For each element in the list, specify the partition index and offset.
** Topic Subscription Patterns (Optional) +
The list of subscription regular expressions to subscribe to. Topics are automatically rebalanced according to the number of consumers of the topic.
** Assignments (Optional) +

> The list of topic-partition pairs to assign. Note that there will be no automatic rebalance of the consumers.

Reviewer 3: ditto prev

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config.png[]
+
** Default acknowledgment mode +
Declares the type of acknowledgment mode supported
** Default poll timeout +
The amount of time to block. Specifies the total timeout for the polling.
** Default poll timeout time unit +
The time unit for the polling timeout. This combines with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
** Zone ID (Optional) +

> Zone ID is used to convert the provided time stamps into `ZonedLocalDateTimes` in the results. Default value is the one provided by the system.

Reviewer 3: ditto

+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-studio-config-general.png[]

== Configure an Input Source

> Configure an input source for the connector such as the *Message Consumer* operation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configure an input source for the connector, such as the *Message Consumer* operation:
```

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
| Configuration |The name of the configuration to use
| Topic |Name of the topic from which to consume messages
| Partition Offsets a| List of offsets (array of offsets) representing the partitions offsets configuration. For each element in the list you must specify a partition index and offset.
| Primary Node Only |Whether to execute this source on only the primary node when running in a cluster.
| Streaming Strategy a| * repeatable-in-memory-stream
* repeatable-file-store-stream
* non-repeatable-stream

Configure to use repeatable streams.

> | Redelivery Policy a| The redelivery policy defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Redelivery Policy a| Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message
```

| Reconnection Strategy a| * reconnect
* reconnect-forever +
A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors
|===

The *Batch Message Consumer* operation can also be used as an input source in Kafka Connector:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
| Configuration |The name of the configuration to use.

> | Poll timeout |The amount of time to block. 

Reviewer 3: Throughout this topic set, go ahead and end each description with a period, since a few of them are followed by complete sentences.

| Poll timeout time unit |  The time unit for the polling timeout. This combines with poll timeout to define the total timeout for the polling.
| Acknowledgment mode | Declares the supported acknowledgment mode type
| Amount of parallel consumers | Declares how many consumers to use in parallel
| Primary Node Only |Whether this source should be executed only on the primary node when running in a cluster
| Streaming Strategy a| * repeatable-in-memory-stream
* repeatable-file-store-stream
* non-repeatable-stream

Configure to use repeatable streams.

> | Redelivery Policy a| The redelivery policy defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Redelivery Policy a| Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message.
```
